# Lab Notebook

I would like to keep a lab notebook, inspired by this blog post:

https://blog.nelhage.com/2010/05/software-and-lab-notebooks/

What I realizes is that I already DO THIS. I open TextMate and type out some
notes to myself all the time. But I never save them. Once written and I no
longer need those notes, I just end up deleting the file. Often I never even
saved the file to begin with!!

So I'm obviously trying to figure out how I'll do this - what type of software
solution I need. What I think I'd like is a way to make entries (multiple per
day) as just text files like I do when I open TextMate and type out some
thoughts.

I figure I'll just use `ag` as my search method for these notes and then I'll
back them up to GitHub with a private repo. Private because I often write notes
about client work and that wouldn't be appropriate for my blog.

Idea for filename:

```
2016-10-01_07:52.md
```

What I'm struggling with is which program I want to write these notes in. To be
totally honest, I usually write notes like this in TextMate because it's so easy
to reach for. But it's certainly more enjoyable to write in Vim. Grrr, hard to
decide.

I think I'll try to use Vim for this.

What I need now is a way to create new entries. Maybe I should just hack
together a quick Ruby script that'll make my file based on the current time.

For now I'll just have an `/entries` folder with all the posts in there. Maybe
later I'll want something more organized? I mean, if I actualy do this I'm going
to have a LOT of files in there pretty quickly.

I ended up settling on this format:

```
2016-10-01-19:52:12.md
```

I find that readable enough, although I may end up chaning my mind about the
24-hour vs am/pm thingy.
